let's switch our attend to the Jackie's
to learn what did you make of her
tribute to Liberace well I'm glad she
likes and I was a big fan of Liberace I
met him once in Sun City in Botswana
where he was the chief attraction and he
tried to buy me a diamond okay
Oh Peter such a prat I said no order
what caught your eye in the news this
week it's come in the newspapers and I
see bill Giles the weatherman has a
one-man show yeah did you know that he
in theaters all over the land you can
catch bill Giles it lasts about two
hours and it is largely weather
orientated he doesn't hour and a half of
talking with many a Reich whiff of that
Michel fish always gets big laughs that
the Huracan gag
they're after an hour and a half of
sparkling cabaret almost on a par with
Liberace I think he then doesn't
question-and-answer session with the
audience and whether buffs ask him
what's the weather going to be like and
the usual question he says he gets it
every time is why don't we have more
weather on television why is it only a
minute long bill just older than you
know it would be nice in life and he
he's fighting to get more weather on and
he's got an agent he says we'll bill
doesn't rehearse and imagine what this
would be like if you rehearse the other
huge views at the moment is about the
Ninja Turtles or hero turtles as they
call it this crafty for reason I don't
know why why is this thing such as such
a hater
oh it's just this great promotion I
haven't seen it and I thought that it
must be awful I tuned into children's
television as I usually do on a Saturday
morning and there they were I thought I
thought they were very funny
and I should think kids like them
because there's very antisocial and it
parents probably wouldn't approve of
them I know I could become a big fan
purple Power how the tables got to go
down in the rest of Europe yeah I don't
think they have it in Germany because
they have been comparative Ninja Turtles
Susan Nazi something about some stupid
schoolmaster we had a great sense of
humor and jamming as you know
and or all the best gigs in the world
for German gates and they've a snaffle
delay by the Allies after the war he
invented all the gangs like king dodge
sticking stick is a German game is
important that humor be made standard I
think visions aec you need is a single
European joke certain links any certain
point and then we can all understand and
go haha mocking
knock knock who's there what is there is
that in jail who is there who is no not
who is there
rich Brits who no no no after this is a
travel visit what we say is not Vesta
Fritz call the wine fridge we get rich
how things going and it's much more
pleasant icing in Dusseldorf behaves the
museum does finish ahaha maken-ki she
stuck a very study humour and that makes
things funny for example for some reason
says this ideas in men bonding along the
street and he sleeps on a banana skin
falls over couple ending so what is so
funny about that is it fire if two men
are walking along and there are two
banana skins is that twice as funny or
half as funny if there are ten people
wandering on the street at ten bananas
Queens is the mass of a maken bands just
divide and bodies the banana thing doing
on the street in the best way in Germany
we don't put banana skins on the
pavement or on the streets it would be
in a little basket in a litter basket
and so the joke in Germany easy man
wanders along the street jumps into the
litter basket is a good joke
I was just getting into my stride right
thank you very much Peter cook